1. A pain point is a persistent problem that becomes an inconvenience for consumers. In response to all three, I'd say that JavaScript is unlike any other language. That's why it's able to be asynchronous in nature and handle tasks without much live interference. It also makes sense with the "loose typing," which I'm guessing is referring to it's ability to add different types without giving errors, is because the websites that are hosting the HTML and JavaScript should run under any conditions. This is even if there are errors, probably to maximize user/consumer time spent on them. As for the web platform it runs on, I'm not entirely sure at this point because of my lacking experience, but to me it doesn't seem like there are many options? I've heard of Node.js and React, but we seem to be limited with how we're able to host these websites. Which is why it might be seen as a pain point.

---

2. For some of the same reasons I listed in the first question, they want to give users/consumers the most from their website. That's why even if different data types are added, there is no error. And in that same sense, the asynchronous features allow users to continuously use the website even if something is loading in the background. This could be loading more products on the page, whilst already viewing products, or something other related problem.

---

3. From my understanding, a compiled language converts code into machine code, like assembly, and is then executed. On the other hand, an interpreted language is one that is directly run and the output is from the program itself. I think JavaScript is an interpreted language since we needed Node.js to run the JavaScript files from the lab. Upon some Google searching, it's hard for me to accurately pinpoint which it actually is. People say it's based on "interpretation" and the implementation. Based on my experience with testing JavaScript, it seems similar to Python in that I can easily change some piece of code and instantly run it. To me this helps a lot with debugging, which is probably paramount to the success of websites and applications that use JavaScript. As for drawbacks, I can only guess that it's comparatively slower to some other languages, just like Python. 

---

4. Just like with any programming language, if we can understand how to do something without the aid of these frameworks, it becomes a lot easier to implement them later on. It's like learning addition and then if something I do in vanilla JS is just a bunch of addition, then the framework might work like multiplication by simplifying the steps I need to reach the end goal. The only potential drawback I see of not learning a framework is just not understanding how they work and how to implement them right away. However, with the way the class is structured, learning vanilla JS first, I think it shouldn't be too hard when/if that time comes.

---

5. Since the project is a web application, I think any sort of JavaScript experience we get is beneficial to learning how things work. Even if it's still kind of, in my opinion, just fundamental. However, I do think the debugging skills are important to the project success because knowing how to debug efficiently means that we can solve problems faster and spend more time improving features that already work. And then the diagramming, I'm assuming that's to help us understand how the web app should flow and also for us to keep it as simple as possible. I didn't initially think the example given was simple at first, but I can easily see that adding extra features would complicated things very fast. 